{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww12000\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Art explanations\
\
Clouds experiment: Don't like it too much visually but it's a frame work.  I can now drop in any small image (or group of small images) to make up the background.\
Going to work on a second version which will have more variety across the screen.  [Douglas note: Don't like it too much either. Needs to look more a painting and more unique. DOes good job or looking like real clouds but thats not the aim]\
\
Flower particles:  Again just a frame work, we can tweak the 'particles' for different looks.\
\
SGlogo: Couldn't help myself [Douglas note: I think your work is done here! The only minor issue is that it looks like the start of Braid a little with the colour scheme...]\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 Clouds faded: took a crazy amount of time to render - closer but not quite the look I'm aiming for [Douglas note: Really beautiful]\
Evolution:  Character development through the game\
Level 1 01 idea:  The lines won't be white in the final thing, it's just to clearly show the background.  Going on the evolution theme I thought we'd better start underwater - I'll make up a floating vine and some kind of algae for the sea bed.\
Level 2 01 idea:  Mush quicker in making this which is why it looks different in style, this will change after polishing them.  continuing the evolution theme (no one's stopped me yet!) this will have an amphibian crossing it.  Would the goal be an amphibian house / nest or a female or food maybe?	Also, I was thinking if the player passes along the bottom they'd kill the lily pads, will probably also add the algae from level 1, just copying it across.  I reckon two lilies would be enough to show the mechanic.\
\
Level 1 02 + Level 1 03 nashville:  (Much better version in the making, ignore this for now except if interested in the development) Just some colour fun - copying the effect instagrame uses.  The grass stops moving half way through - that was a mistake but possibly a good one.  I'll slow down the flower head and make the grass movement super slow. \
\
Level 1 04:  Hopefully this one blows your balls off :D\
Level 1 05 GrassWave: Everything moves except the rock.  Boom!}